# kotte-kavita
Specialization – Mathematics: Dr.K.Kavita was born on January 1 st ,1979 in Andhra Pradesh, India. She obtained PhD from Sri Venkateswara University,Tirupathi,India, 2013. Dr.K.Kavitha is presently working as an Associate.Professor in the department of Mathematics in BVRIT Hyderabad College of Engineering for Women , Bachupally,Hyderabad,India.She has 18 years of experience. Read More  Dr.k.kavitha, Associate .Prof at BVRIT Hyderabad College of Engineering for Girls. She obtained the degree of Doctor of Philosophy in the field of “Fluid Mechanics “from S.V.University in 2013 after graduating with Masters from dept of Mathematics, S.K.University. Has published one Book in the field of fluid mechanics, publishing another book in the month of December -2019 &amp; 23 refereed Journals &amp; Conferences. Has 18 years experience in teaching .Has an interest in Theology and deeply interested in spiritual traditions, knowledge &amp; Philosophy and also interested in musical traditions of both east and west.  Learnt classical dance and Life member of many associations like APSMS, ISCI and so on. Had the privilege of teaching a great many students in my career who made teaching a wonderful learning experience for students. It would be impossible to name all of them. Her autobiography was included in “Asia who’s is who and “Famous India  who’s  who  in the world in 2018 , completed “10 tips for writing a truly terrible review “ , “10 reasons to get and use –an ORCID iD“ online certified Module courses in December 2017 ,March -2018 from ELSEVIER. Completed Data base Design , Data base Programming with SQL Certified courses from ORACLE Academy in 20 th March ,2017.She completed online certifications ,Mentorship certification courses from IIT’s ,Stanford University…with Elite, 90 percentage as grade .She visited two countries Zambia and Malaysia for presenting International conferences. She received two awards from International bodies. She invited as keynote speaker for International conference in Zambia. She received best paper award in International conference in Zambia. She delivers lectures in National and International Organizations , Universities like Zambia DMI University ,JNTU H for the students (M.TECH, B.TECH, M.Sc) as Guest Faculty. She maintains a very vibrant academic atmosphere through various academic initiatives in the class and department. Actively contributes  to the academic vibrancy in the dept by arranging various activities like Regular seminars, Case studies, charts, Google class Room, Flipped classes room and so on .I made significant research/Models contributions to Science, Engineering&amp; Humanities fields which empowers the next generation of students with a world class education. She has been teaching the Engineering Mathematics, Operational Research, Quantitative techniques for Managerial Decisions, Statistics for Managers,RMSA,FLAT,Computer Applications for Business for B.Tech,M.Tech,MBA,M.Sc,PhD students in her teaching and research career. She recently appointed as reviewer for Elsevier Journal Articles. She also serves as R &amp;D Cell  coordinator ,Psychology Coordinator ,subject expert, Evaluator, Website coordinator, Student counselor, Wall Magazine coordinator, Mentor for  I st  B.Tech Students, Cultural coordinator, Result Analysis for improvement of pass percentage coordinator, Asst.Convener for Cybernatics-07 A National level Paper presentation contest, Member in Grievance and Redressal cell, Coordinator for AICTE,JNTU related works, Fortnight Attendance coordinator ,  Designed Magazine &amp;Brochure of the college in AITS  , Organized Mathematics day events from 2005 to till date.
